bit-functions-and-operators: Update reference manual links (#16847)
pingcap/docs: functions-and-operators/bit-functions-and-operators.md

| [^](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/bit-functions.html#operator_bitwise-xor) | Bitwise XOR |
| [<<](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/bit-functions.html#operator_left-shift) | Left shift |
| [>>](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/bit-functions.html#operator_right-shift) | Right shift |

# MySQL Compatibility

> There are some differences in how MySQL 8.0 and earlier versions of MySQL handle bit operations. TiDB aims to follow the MySQL 8.0 behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some differences between MySQL 8.0 and earlier versions of MySQL handle bit operations. TiDB aims to follow the MySQL 8.0 behaviour.
```

## Known issues

> - [bitwise operations with binary args behavior changes by mysql 5.7 and 8.0 both](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30637)

Reviewer: Maybe change the title of the bug, or at least the reference here, since the title ends a bit weird with `... both`

| [^](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/bit-functions.html#operator_bitwise-xor) | Bitwise XOR |
| [<<](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/bit-functions.html#operator_left-shift) | Left shift |
| [>>](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/bit-functions.html#operator_right-shift) | Right shift |

> # MySQL compatibility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## MySQL compatibility
```

There are some differences between MySQL 8.0 and earlier versions of MySQL in handling bit functions and operators. TiDB aims to follow the behavior of MySQL 8.0.

## Known issues

In the following cases, the query results in TiDB are the same as MySQL 5.7 but different from MySQL 8.0.

> - Bitwise operations with binary arguments. For more information, see [#30637](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30637)
> - The result of the `BIT_COUNT()` function. For more information, see [#44621](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/44621)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bitwise operations with binary arguments. For more information, see [#30637](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/30637).
- The result of the `BIT_COUNT()` function. For more information, see [#44621](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/44621).
```
